What a parent. against.
If you're not ready yet, go down the aisle.
never mind. The ugly daughter-in-law will have to meet her father-in-law sooner or later.
Stewardess, you think I'm ugly and indifferent.
Not ugly? What do you think?
Why aren't you ugly? Just come back. Speedy car.
Okay. I'm okay as I am now.
Okay, I'm flying. I use this dress.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
My dad won't answer you, they are such nice people.
Dad, I'm back.
Oops, son.
It's back. I thought,
Why have you been kidnapped by the fox. Stop helping mom.
what did you say
Go, your dad
I'm waiting for you. Let's go.
Lao Zhong, look who has gone back
Mom is back
Don't you introduce me?
This is my wife Li Chunfen
Uncle, aunt, good son
Mom bought your favorite ribs
uncle aunt
My name is Li Chunfen
She's your wife
Very direct dad
I don't think so
We're at our own home. Let's go. I'm sorry, parents.
I have already identified Chunfen
Even if you don't accept it
I won't leave this big thing either
I miss you